docs/README.md, before:

# fugazi.io

A web based, plug n' play terminal

> New concepts are hard to explain, but we'll give it a go
 

## What is it not?
fugazi isn't a bash terminal.  
All of the commands you are used to from your terminal won't work in fugazi, with the exception of `man`.  

## So, what is it?
fugazi aims to provide a single command interface for all of the different services and applications 
which developers are using on a daily basis.  
These services are mapped into commands that are executed using a simple and readable syntax.  
The terminal is both configurable and extendable which allow the user to load the functionality that he/she 
needs.

### Key concepts
 - **Web Client**: A command line interface which is loaded in the browser. It can be served from [http://fugazi.io](http://fugazi.io) 
 or self hosted. 
 - **Components**: Loadable pieces of information/functionality which extend the web client, such as 
 modules, commands, types and more
 - **Descriptors**: A json or javascript files which describe the components to the web client
 - **Connectors**: An application which exposes a fugazi module (including http endpoints for commands) 
 for a service or another application (such as a database)

### How it works
Loading a descriptor into the client will allow it to "understand" the desired service, and it will then 
expose all of the commands included in the service.  
When a user chooses to execute an input the client will locate the appropriate command based on the syntax 
it provided in the descriptor.  
The client can execute commands in one of two forms:
 - Javascript functions that are loaded to the client. When invoked the arguments from the command line 
 are passed to the function, and the return value is displayed
 - Http requests which are sent to the target service along with the command line arguments
 
The command result will then be added to the output panel of the client.  

Part of the knowledge that the client has of a service is the used types in it. That includes the types 
of the command arguments and the type of the result for the command.  
This information makes the client "strongly-typed" and it will refuse to execute a command if the type 
of the parameters differ from that which described in the descriptor. Also, if the type of the result 
differs from what's described in the descriptor, then an error message will be displayed instead of the 
result.  
The client will try to guess/infer types, or convert from one type to another if possible. More on that in 
[Components > Types](components?id=types).

## Projects
fugazi is a name for a number of different projects:
* [Web Client](https://github.com/fugazi-io/webclient): The web terminal
* [Proxify](https://github.com/fugazi-io/proxify): A node application for proxying and exposing existing http based services 
to the terminal
* [Node Connector](https://github.com/fugazi-io/connector.node): A node package to easily connect an existing application 
to the terminal
* [Redis Connector](https://github.com/fugazi-io/connector.node.redis): A node application for exposing a running redis 
to the terminal
* [Mongo Connector](https://github.com/fugazi-io/connector.node.mongo): A node application for exposing a running mongo 
to the terminal
* [SSH Connector](https://github.com/fugazi-io/connector.node.ssh): A node application for executing ssh commands through 
the terminal

All project are written in [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

## Contact, Help & Contribute
You can find us in [our gitter](https://gitter.im/fugazi-io/Lobby) for any of question.  
If you find a bug feel free to file an issue in the relevant project issues page.

If you'd like to help with pushing fugazi forward (and there's a long road ahead), then talk to us in 
the mentioned gitter, or mail us to this _gmail.com_ address: _terminal.fugazi.io_.

Commit message:

most of the basics are now documented, including:  * components  * descriptors  * built-ins
next: document the connectors

docs/README.md, after:

# fugazi.io

A web based, plug n' play terminal

> New concepts are hard to explain, but we'll give it a go
 

## What is it not?
fugazi isn't a shell terminal.  
All of the commands you are used to from your terminal won't work in fugazi, with the exception of `man`.  

## So, what is it?
fugazi aims to provide a single command interface for all of the different services and applications 
which developers are using on a daily basis.  
These services are mapped into commands that are executed using a simple and intuitive syntax.  
The terminal is configurable and extendable, which allows the user to define, share and use specific pieces of functionality.

### Key concepts
 - **Web Client**: A command line interface which is loaded in the browser. It can be served from [http://fugazi.io](http://fugazi.io) 
 or self hosted. 
 - **[Components](components)**: Plugins which extend the terminal functionality
 - **[Descriptors](descriptors)**: A json or javascript files which describe the components to the web client
 - **Connectors**: An application which exposes a fugazi module (including http endpoints for commands) 
 for a service or another application (such as a database)

### How it works
Loading a descriptor into the client will allow it to "understand" the desired service, and it will then 
expose the commands included in the service.  
When a user submits a command input string the client will locate the appropriate command based on the syntax 
it provided in the descriptor.  
The client can execute commands in one of two forms:
 - Javascript functions that are loaded to the client. When invoked the arguments from the command line 
 are passed to the function, and the return value is displayed
 - Http requests which are sent to the target service along with the command line arguments
 
The command result will then be added to the output panel of the client.  

Part of the knowledge that the client has of a service is the used types in it. That includes the types 
of the command arguments and the type of the result for the command.  
This information makes the client "strongly-typed" and it will refuse to execute a command if the type 
of the parameters differ from that which described in the descriptor. Also, if the type of the result 
differs from what's described in the descriptor, then an error message will be displayed instead of the 
result.  
The client will try to guess/infer types, or convert from one type to another if possible. More on that in 
[Components > Types](components?id=types).

## Projects
fugazi is a name for a number of different projects:
* [Web Client](https://github.com/fugazi-io/webclient): The web terminal
* [Proxify](https://github.com/fugazi-io/proxify): A node application for proxying and exposing existing http based services 
to the terminal
* [Node Connector](https://github.com/fugazi-io/connector.node): A node package to easily connect an existing application 
to the terminal
* [Redis Connector](https://github.com/fugazi-io/connector.node.redis): A node application for exposing a running redis 
to the terminal
* [Mongo Connector](https://github.com/fugazi-io/connector.node.mongo): A node application for exposing a running mongo 
to the terminal
* [SSH Connector](https://github.com/fugazi-io/connector.node.ssh): A node application for executing ssh commands through 
the terminal

All project are written in [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

## Contact, Help & Contribute
You can find us in [our gitter](https://gitter.im/fugazi-io/Lobby) for any of question.  
If you find a bug feel free to file an issue in the relevant project issues page.

If you'd like to help with pushing fugazi forward (and there's a long road ahead), then talk to us in 
the mentioned gitter, or mail us to this _gmail.com_ address: _terminal.fugazi.io_.

----

[Next: Components](components?id=components)
